HELPFUL for changing background color for admin 
https://o7planning.org/en/12373/thymeleaf-th-class-th-classappend-th-style-th-styleappend#a40351402

##VERY HELPFUL IN DESIGNING NAVIGATION BAR
https://mdbootstrap.com/docs/jquery/navigation/navs/#!

###VERY HELPFUL RESOURCE FOR THYMLEAF WITH SPRING BOOT
https://www.javaguides.net/2019/04/spring-boot-thymeleaf-crud-example-tutorial.html

##Style View the Bootstrap and login and welcome page
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42391426/how-can-i-center-my-form-html-and-css/42391500

##How to destroy session 
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35175879/destroy-httpsession-on-logout-spring

##Following site cleared Owning side and referenced/non-owning/mappedBy side.
https://www.baeldung.com/jpa-joincolumn-vs-mappedby

##How handle Restemplate exceptions
https://www.baeldung.com/spring-rest-template-error-handling
https://attacomsian.com/blog/spring-boot-resttemplate-error-handling
https://manulachathurika.blogspot.com/2019/09/sprint-rest-template-error-handling.html?showComment=1591673306944
https://hellokoding.com/spring-resttemplate-error-handling/

Strange error solved Stackoverflow
org.springframework.web.client.HttpClientErrorException: 403 null
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/44922261/why-do-i-always-get-403-when-fetching-data-with-resttemplate

https://howtodoinjava.com/spring-boot2/resttemplate/resttemplate-post-json-example/
https://www.appsdeveloperblog.com/spring-resttemplate-tutorial/
https://o7planning.org/en/11647/spring-boot-restful-client-with-resttemplate-example

TheymeLeaf with Restful web
https://javabycode.com/sf/spring-boot-tutorial/spring-boot-thymeleaf-ajax-example.html
https://mkyong.com/spring-boot/spring-boot-ajax-example/

##Thymeleaf Using property files for displaying labels
https://www.concretepage.com/spring-boot/spring-boot-thymeleaf-maven-example

https://terasolunaorg.github.io/guideline/5.3.1.RELEASE/en/ArchitectureInDetail/WebServiceDetail/RestClient.html


###How to send MockMvc.perform(get(url-with-path-variable, path-varible) 
##Intregation rest controller help
https://dzone.com/articles/rest-endpoint-testing-with-mockmvc
https://mkyong.com/spring-boot/spring-test-how-to-test-a-json-array-in-jsonpath/
https://dzone.com/articles/rest-endpoint-testing-with-mockmvc
https://howtodoinjava.com/spring-boot2/testing/rest-controller-unit-test-example/
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42127297/failed-to-load-applicationcontext-when-running-integration-tests
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46671582/the-method-andexpectresultmatcher-in-the-type-resultactions-is-not-applicable
https://howtodoinjava.com/spring-boot2/testing/rest-controller-unit-test-example/
https://www.logicbig.com/how-to/code-snippets/jcode-spring-mvc-junit-test.html
https://mkyong.com/spring-boot/spring-test-how-to-test-a-json-array-in-jsonpath/
https://www.petrikainulainen.net/programming/spring-framework/integration-testing-of-spring-mvc-applications-write-clean-assertions-with-jsonpath/

##Junit and Mockito ArgumentCaptor examples
https://www.javainuse.com/spring/spring-boot-argumentcaptor



Login page tutorial

*****************************

How to use restemplate in Restful WebServices Using Spring boot

https://www.journaldev.com/17096/spring-resttemplate-example



https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3vauM7axnRs


HOW TO TEST JPA REPO
https://www.javaguides.net/2018/09/spring-data-jpa-repository-testing-using-spring-boot-datajpatest.html

ONLINE DIAGRAMS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YgW0Oiwp9U4
https://online.visual-paradigm.com/
https://www.smartdraw.com/sequence-diagram/examples/
https://app.genmymodel.com/

https://www.petrikainulainen.net/programming/spring-framework/spring-data-jpa-tutorial-part-two-crud/

How to genrate shah 256 value
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/sha-256-hash-in-java/

HOW TO TEST SPRING MVC CONTROLLER IN JUNIT AND MOCKITO
https://reflectoring.io/spring-boot-web-controller-test/
https://reflectoring.io/bean-validation-with-spring-boot/

LOg4j2 logging
https://www.boraji.com/log4j-2-rollingfileappender-example

Logging
https://springframework.guru/using-logback-spring-boot/
https://examples.javacodegeeks.com/enterprise-java/logback/logback-rollingfileappender-example/
https://www.tutorialcup.com/spring-boot/spring-boot-logging-configurations.htm
https://howtodoinjava.com/spring-boot2/logging/spring-boot-logging-configurations/
https://www.javadevjournal.com/spring-boot/spring-boot-logging/


Got Error Helps
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/44647630/validation-failed-for-query-for-method-jpql

HANDLING VALIDATION
https://examples.javacodegeeks.com/spring-boot-bean-validation-example/
Annotation based validation using javax.validation and hibernate validation part of JSR 330
https://mkyong.com/spring-boot/spring-rest-validation-example/
https://examples.javacodegeeks.com/enterprise-java/java-ee-bean-validation-example/

Providing validation messages from properties files
https://www.baeldung.com/spring-custom-validation-message-source

How to compare two fields in validation 
https://memorynotfound.com/field-matching-bean-validation-annotation-example/
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/7239897/spring-3-annotation-based-validation-password-and-confirm-password
https://www.baeldung.com/java-passay

ADDTIONAL VALIDATION Using regex FOR @Email annotation
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/9978199/annotation-regex 

YOU CAN USE VALIDATION TOKEN IN COLLECTION AND MAP DECLEARATION
https://www.baeldung.com/javax-validation


/*****
Using following resource I created password validation functionality
https://memorynotfound.com/custom-password-constraint-validator-annotation/
************/


Group By Sing field and multiple fields example Using Stream
   //Shows you single and multiple fields 
   https://www.technicalkeeda.com/java-8-tutorials/java-8-stream-grouping
   //Shows you by single field			
   https://mkyong.com/java8/java-8-collectors-groupingby-and-mapping-example/

   
 LOGGING RND
<<<<<<< HEAD
 https://stackify.com/logging-logback/  
 
 
 JUNIT TESTING
 https://blog.codeleak.pl/2019/09/spring-boot-testing-with-junit-5.html
 
 
 JSON FORMATTING AND ESCAPING AND USCAPING
 https://codebeautify.org/json-escape-unescape
 https://jsoneditoronline.org/#left=local.loruno&right=local.ranezi
 
 
 ###TESTING SERVICE LAYER 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kuF1PkU3-c8
 
 
 
 *************************************

https://stackify.com/logging-logback/  

##How to ignore null valued property of java object converting to json property
https://mkyong.com/java/jackson-how-to-ignore-null-fields/


##How to check proccess on running port in windows and then kill them

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/40118878/8080-port-already-taken-issue-when-trying-to-redeploy-project-from-spring-tool-s

1- Check what processes are running at available ports

netstat -ao |find /i "listening"

2- Stop process running at your port number(In this case it is 8080 & Process Id is 12704)

Taskkill /F /IM 12704 (Note: Mention correct Process Id)